Add logging showcase (#267)
eclipse-score/reference_integration: showcases/README.md

> # Logging Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Logging App Demo
```

> This example demonstrates logging with all log levels via Console Logging and Remote Logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Logging App demonstrates logging using mw::log with all log levels and configured backends (kConsole|kRemote|kFile) enabled.
```

Author: Done

> For remote logging details, refer to the following documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For remote (DLT) logging, please refer to the following documentation:
```

Author: Done
